修正中英文不匹配的问题 (#9)
WForst-Breeze/WForst-Breeze: README.md

#### 介绍自己 Introduction
- [x] 你好，别来无恙呀！我是 WForst Breeze，中文名为风释清然SC，你可以直接叫我 SC 或者 WFB 等等等等你愿意的称呼！2025 年高考生，现在可能时间并不充裕 TwT 如果有什么问题我会尽力帮助的！

> - [ ] Hey there! I am WForst Breeze, you can simply call me SC or WFB, or whatever you like!I am a student taking the university entrance examination in 2025, and I may not have enough time now. I'll do my best to help with any questions!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [ ] Hey there! I am WForst Breeze, you can simply call me SC or WFB, or whatever you like! I am a student who is going to take the University Entrance Examination in 2025, and I may not have enough time now. I'll do my best to help with any questions!
```

> - [ ] Hey there! I am WForst Breeze, you can simply call me SC or WFB, or whatever you like! I am a student who is going to take the University Entrance Examination in 2025, and I may not have enough time now. I'll do my best to help with any questions!

Reviewer 2: 给我嫖个  CO-Author

> - [ ] Hey there! I am WForst Breeze, you can simply call me SC or WFB, or whatever you like! I am a student who is going to take the University Entrance Examination in 2025, and I may not have enough time now. I'll do my best to help with any questions!

Reviewer 2: ``

> - [ ] Hey there! I am WForst Breeze, you can simply call me SC or WFB, or whatever you like! I am a student who is going to take the University Entrance Examination in 2025, and I may not have enough time now. I'll do my best to help with any questions!

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- [ ] Hey there! I am WForst Breeze, you can simply call me SC or WFB, or whatever you like! I am a student who is going to take the University Entrance Examination in 2025, and I may not have enough time now. I'll do my best to help with any questions! 
```

Reviewer 2: 给我整 CO-Author
不然我掐死你！（超凶

（bushi

Author: nope
